# University-Intranet
This is an academic oriented website which acts as an Interface between students and professors. The key users for this website are students who have the access to several functionalities across the website. One of the section includes enrolling for the classes based upon the availability of the respective professor. This includes choosing the course/department, selecting the term, selecting the available professor, selecting subjects not more than 4 per semester and enrolling them. Once this is successfully completed, student will be redirected to payment section where payment credentials are authenticated and successfully enrolled into that subject. Students can drop the classes at any point of time, unless the fee has been paid.
Students can schedule an appointment with professor based upon the availability specified by the professor. Relevant advertisements will be displayed on every page in the website, such as Online tutorials, study materials, Internship opportunities which redirects the users to different websites which can be helpful for the students. “Professors” section displays the information and background of the certain professor. This university provides a GPA calculator for students which helps them to calculate their grades and GPA when they provide grades/points in their classes. Search section helps the students to browse the enrolled classes, GPA results. “About Us” section displays the details of the university including the contact details.

Technologies used: C#, .NET framework
Microsoft SQL server
MS Visual Studio 2015
